add papers-citing-dp (#2)
deepmodeling/community: papers-citing-dp/index.md

# Papers citing DeePMD-kit[<sup>1</sup>](#refer-anchor-1)[<sup>2</sup>](#refer-anchor-2)[<sup>3</sup>](#refer-anchor-3) or DPGEN[<sup>4</sup>](#refer-anchor-4)

In bibtex format

- [Reviews](#reviews.md).

> - [Co-authored by E Weinan, or Zhang Linfeng, or WangHan](#Co-authored.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Co-authored by Weinan E, or Linfeng Zhang, or Han Wang](#Co-authored.md).
```
